Lesson 2 (#1837)
kframework/k: k-distribution/k-tutorial/1_basic/02_basics/README.md

  syntax Fruit ::= Banana() | Blueberry()
  syntax Color ::= colorOf(Fruit) [function]

  rule colorOf(Banana()) => Yellow()
  rule colorOf(Blueberry()) => Blue()

endmodule
```

Save this file as `lesson-02-a.k` and then run:

```
kompile lesson-02-a.k
```

`kompile` is K's compiler. By default, it takes a program or specification
written in K and compiles it into an interpreter for that input. Right now
we are compiling a single file. A set of K files that are compiled together
are called a **K definition**. We will cover multiple file K definitions later
on. `kompile` will output a directory containing everything needed to execute
programs using or perform proofs about that definition. In this case, the 
directory `kompile` will create by default will be in the current directory
and will be called `lesson-02-a-kompiled`.

Now, save the following input file in your editor:

```
colorOf(Banana())
```

You can call it whatever file name you want, but for example purposes we will
call this file `banana.color`. Save it in the same directory that also contains
the `lesson-02-a-kompiled` directory.

We can now evaluate this K term by running:

```
krun banana.color
```

> From that directory. `krun` will invoke K's interpreter by interpreting a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the same directory. `krun` will invoke K's interpreter by interpreting a
```
